you know, I was reloading strategies for you to be present with your team.
You know, the books will have all kinds of recommendations for
personally in my time. And I had read a lot way had a lot of leadership
examples falls, but I still think the easiest one is VW A management
by walking around that shows that your present hey, in your state
room, if you stay in, the longer you stay in the wardroom of the
bridge, don't get down to your spaces. Okay? That's gonna be noticed.
So the best way to be present is to be brother, go out and walk the
decks with your team with your master chief Petty officer with your
leading petty officer. Get out and about because they're also help
you one. When you push report to the ship, that's the best thing to
do. Walk around with everyone in the chain of command, okay? And see
it and try to understand where all your Spence is off because again
they are all your spaces and so you don't want to miss it space. So
the best way to do that is to walk around with Chief Petty Officer
and Petty Officer. The officer should see all your spaces. But also
what? They have a point out by doing that? Yeah. When the captain turns
over the ship that he has to turn over every space on the ship
to his relief and every space just signed for Catholic. You don't want
to be the officer that rules space. Oops. You That's going to get
you in the hot seat really quick. So the best way to do that is to
walk around.